Implement `pick()` (#6492)
tidyverse/dplyr: NEWS.md

# dplyr (development version)

* `cur_data()` and `cur_data_all()` are now soft-deprecated in favor of
  `pick()` (#6204).

> * New `pick()` function which is intended as a replacement for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* New `pick()` function to access full data frame of the current group, and is intended as a replacement for
```

This wording might not be quite right, but I think you should say what it does before saying what it replaces.
